Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Lauren Kelly: Hey, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Lauren Kelly: I figured you would figure that out. So, um, the last week they had sent me a drug test.
Lauren Kelly: And it was I was watching the tracking on it and was supposed to be here on Wednesday, and it was supposed to be delivered that will like it said that all week long. So we had made this whole plan for me to come here Wednesday, so I could get it.
Lauren Kelly: Because it's so gorgeous address and
Lauren Kelly: And so we had made this old fan for me to come here Wednesday. Wednesday morning, my car broke down. So Paul ended up having to come get me brought me out here. And then we waited all night for it and it never showed up. So then he
Lauren Kelly: Saw the front. I'm staying with is like 45 minutes away from here and it's about 10 minutes away from his work. So it made sense for him to like drop me off morning
Lauren Kelly: But then of course that morning, we get the message that the drug test was delivered
Lauren Kelly: So then, Brian. Our health has been asked me like you need to do that drug test, you need to do that drug test. I'm like, dude, I know. I just don't have access to it and then with my car being broken down. I just got back yesterday.
Lauren Kelly: I had no access to the drug test. So now, today, or sorry, last night when I got my car back I came out here to do my drug test and ended up staying and I just decided to stay to this call with
Lauren Kelly: Went back to my friend's house, but I'm just here for just the night and I'm, I'm leaving. As soon as you and I get off our call I just figured it was so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's
Lauren Kelly: The free internet here, but instead of us like dreaming this shirt on my phone that after us.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything's going, Okay, I know you started talking about something group yesterday, my internet went down what was going on.
Lauren Kelly: Also that had nothing to do with Paul actually that had to do with so um so basically
Lauren Kelly: I had this good friend, Nico, who was a very good friend of mine.
Lauren Kelly: He's younger than me. He's very like
Lauren Kelly: naive and inexperienced in life and to be honest with you.
Lauren Kelly: That's somebody I kind of took advantage of in my addiction. He was somebody that was really easy to lie to about hey I need money for groceries or gas or whatever. And I could get a couple hundred bucks just for that, you know, I mean, and so it was
Lauren Kelly: You know, an easy in and out, panting. Well, obviously, now that I have a conscience and a soul again.
Lauren Kelly: These sorts of things. They're keeping me up at night and really bothering me. And there's a lot of people like I really evaluated, which friendships are important and which are
Lauren Kelly: In I'm able to see that so much more clearly like
Lauren Kelly: I mean, there's like at least five girls that I considered really good friends of mine for the last couple years.
Lauren Kelly: That now that I've gotten clean, I realized, our only connection was our addictions. You know what I mean. And like they literally I like tried to be friends with them but like
Lauren Kelly: They'd like tried to manipulate me in ways that I remember to, you know, manipulate people. And I'm like, you don't get it. I can see through this stuff, you know. And so I've had to re evaluate those friendships and be like,
Lauren Kelly: Do I really want to bring that into my silver light because it's going to be one sided, it's going to be me actually showing up and being a good friend and then
Lauren Kelly: Being the offices. So like, is that something I really want to bring into my new life.
Lauren Kelly: So, this this particular person Nico is in such a good friend of mine. He's one of the ones that yes, I do want to bring into my new life. He was always good and honest and and
Lauren Kelly: And have my back. And so he's somebody I feel that I hold that accountability towards and somebody I prioritize patching things up with explaining because
Lauren Kelly: When I was just telling him I call asked me to seems like, oh, you have to tell him you got clean. He doesn't even know you've got clean and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Well, I have to tell him I was a drug addict, like he didn't even know was a drug addict. So we're going even further back, you know, but um
Lauren Kelly: So I've only done. This was like two other friends the friends I'm staying with my buddy Dan and my friend, Mel.
Lauren Kelly: That I came to and said, Hey, I just wanted to kind of it not excuse me just kind of explain some of my behavior in the past and and you know I'm I've been a secret drug addict for eight years.
Lauren Kelly: It's something I've hidden from everybody close to me. I saw couldn't do anything about it until I sought out help. I got to that point where I realized like,
Lauren Kelly: There was no way I can do this on my own. And now I'm going to meetings and I'm in therapy every way you can group and
Lauren Kelly: And, you know, reading for hours a day, all the NA books and everything and I'm doing all this research on how to, you know, better myself improve my relationships and be the best version of myself and I'm really doing the work.
Lauren Kelly: And the two other friends. I did this was before I met. It was like, Wow, that's great. I had no idea you know and so happened very well this one went
Lauren Kelly: South really fast and maybe I was naive, by the way, that the first two went so well.
Lauren Kelly: Right. It went really bad. And I started thinking after the fact, because I ended up it was Friday afternoon and I had this conversation and I cried like all weekend, just because it was so heavy. And I started thinking
Lauren Kelly: Like that I didn't go into that thinking I was going in it as an immense I just thought it was kind of like an update on my life a little bit. I was nowhere near like
Lauren Kelly: Trying to make amends with him, but that's what it kind of turned into, you know, and then I realized like, there's a reason amends is like eight, nine, you know. And I mean, not like. Step two. Because, whoa.
Lauren Kelly: That was a lot and it just terrified me because, like, the main thing that had me upset. All we can was just thinking
Lauren Kelly: Is this what I have to do with everyone you know what I mean, like, is do I have 15 of these ahead of me because there's so many relationships. I need to repair, obviously.
Lauren Kelly: Because one thing we as adults we do and we're using. We don't want to be surrounded by the people who love us and are good for us. We just want to be surrounded by people who help us get high. You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For a
Lauren Kelly: Long time ago I push those good people away and only surround myself to shitty people will now i want nothing to do with the shitty people and what those good people bad
Lauren Kelly: But I realized there's a lot of work to be done there, and it just terrified me because, again, like my first two were so easy. I guess that this one was just
Lauren Kelly: Basically, he was so angry with me. It wasn't like it seemed like the more honest and the more truthful. I was with him that angry or he and and it was like
Lauren Kelly: It was like, like in the beginning he was looking forward to even look at me, and he was just looking for an easy time I can get him to look, I mean just had this like stink base like
Lauren Kelly: Angry and and and I'm trying to explain, you know, and I'm telling him, You know this this no excuses eating, but I thought, at the least, it might be able to kind of explain certain behaviors in
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I said at go ahead to shoot Ask Me Anything you want. If there was ever a situation that didn't make sense to you. If there's ever maybe something I told you that sounded kind of, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Fishy or whatever. Anything you want to ask me. So I've done this with all before it actually makes me feel really good. When I just heard like
Lauren Kelly: You know, so, so it's like anything you want to ask me like I will give you an answer and a half the SEC, I will not stating her. Think about it. I will tell you the truth no matter how should you not true. This
Lauren Kelly: Anything you want to ask me anything in any kind of like it's kind of an awkward guy so you kind of like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. And I said, I'm not saying this is the one and only time you can call me tomorrow. You can call me a week from now. You can call me a month from now a year from now, like
Lauren Kelly: I owe that to you, you know, and if there's every time you have a question about something you can call me and I will answer that question. So
Lauren Kelly: There's no pressure that we have to do this on this isn't a one and done, and this is your one opportunity or forever hold your peace. I'm just trying to open the dialogue, open the conference.
Lauren Kelly: And so one thing I didn't mention is Nico has always had like a little bit of a crush on me. So, and that would get that did get in the way of our friendship. Sometimes, or sometimes I just had to be like, dude, like like chill like take us
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, we're like, you know, it to see you have friends with plans with one of your girlfriends and something comes up and you can't make it your girlfriend's like okay, cool. No problem.
Lauren Kelly: Well, if it was Nico, and something happened that couldn't make it. It's like what happened. Well, we have plans, who did it. And it's this whole NEXT LEVEL THING THAT IT'S LIKE
Lauren Kelly: Do something away any of my friends are. You know what I mean, like, so it's like that there's something there. And I mean, he's admitted it to me before too, but I've been very clear with him that like
Lauren Kelly: It's just never going to happen or whatever and that all I have copper in this friendship and that is friendship doesn't mean a lot to me. But that's it. So the one question. He had for me. And he looked forward when he said this, he won't even look at me was, what am I to you.
Lauren Kelly: I don't like you know and explain. Basically what I explained you at the beginning of this about how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People
Lauren Kelly: Most of the friendships. I hadn't leaving in 2018 where I left my addiction, but that he obviously is a friendship. I really care about and that I want to bring into 2020 with me and then I'm willing to do the work or
Lauren Kelly: But I said, You know, I 100% recognize that I appreciate you and that I've been dishonest with you and that this needs to be on your turn. So I'm not trying to just push my what I want on you.
Lauren Kelly: It's at your comfort level and set your terms, if you say, look,
Lauren Kelly: I don't think you've been clean long to get six months under your belt and let's talk. Fine. You know, that's fine. And I said, that's one of the reasons I didn't come to you. The first week I was saying, I wanted to come to you when I actually had like
Lauren Kelly: A little bit of substantial time under my belt on that day 50 now.
Lauren Kelly: So it's like, you know, I wanted to come at you with a little bit of substantial time but they get that you know someone who's not an addict counting days my sounds silly. So maybe you want a year under my belt. Before we talk or something but
Lauren Kelly: Basically this is on your comfort level and how you want to do this and and he said he couldn't come up with any other questions, who was just kind of like shopping. There was definitely a moment where he was like
Lauren Kelly: So when you did this, you still for me. And when you did that you did this and Baba, Baba. And like
Lauren Kelly: All of this stuff and like, and I'm like, So never in my life have I ever. It was all with me. Go with even
Lauren Kelly: Never did I ever open someone's wallet when they were sleeping and take out a credit card or take out funny that this feeling that he's referring to is like me saying
Lauren Kelly: Can I, is there any way you can help me with $100 a year for groceries and then it going to drugs. It was never
Lauren Kelly: I was never. It was never a borrow where I was supposed to pay it back. It was just me being dishonest about. And I'm not trying to downplay that that that is wrong, but I do think that's a little different when you know you're giving someone $100
Lauren Kelly: You know you're not planning on getting that back and they spend it for something different. That's a little different from me waiting till you go to the bathroom and going through your wallet and take
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean. But, but, again, I'm like, you need to use the word soul, like, I'm not going to invalidate your feelings like everything you're saying is valid every new you're feeling I got 100% good
Lauren Kelly: But it was just so much anger. So then, so then all of a sudden, so that was like Friday afternoon like three or four and then people had to go to work.
Lauren Kelly: Oh, is it. Are we on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now we're on
I'm
Lauren Kelly: Going to work and then he's texting me at like 11 O'clock wanting to like hang out again. And I'm like, No, you know, like I'm in bed, I, I don't really want to get out of 11 o'clock.
Lauren Kelly: So then all weekend. He was texting me trying to hang out and I just, it was a lot for me. I was still processing, like, oh my god, that's what I'm gonna have to do with everyone else. I kind of
Lauren Kelly: I just read my enable ups and. And again, I didn't have my car stuck at the house. I wanted to go to meetings, but I couldn't get one. So it's just stuck at my friend's house but
Lauren Kelly: I didn't see him. So then Monday came and after group he had texted me saying, hey, I stayed up really late last night thinking of questions I wanted to ask you.
Lauren Kelly: And and I'm like, Okay, you know, that's fine. And so after group he ended up stopping by and we would copy and and talking about stuff and
Lauren Kelly: So we get back from getting coffee and we're just sitting in front of my friends house like just talking
Lauren Kelly: And and then then I got the call. Oh, you're Carson and I'm like, oh, hey, who's just had to drop me off. And I'm like, hey, is there any way you can. Try me. You know, to the next town over to go get my car really quick. And he was like, yeah.
Lauren Kelly: But he was, he was like when you said we were going to hang out today. I thought we were going to like hang out in the garage. So I don't know if you've seen that CrossFit. It's gross.
Lauren Kelly: Roaches and stuff in it. There's not even a TV, like I just had my little tablet and I have like a tiny twin mattress air air mattress thing that I see.
Lauren Kelly: So like what are me and you're going to do. And it just it. It was almost like I feel like he's in this position of power now where he's like like
Lauren Kelly: You owe me. What, what can I get out of this, you know, and so now he was always really needing to spray before where you want to hit on all the time. All the time. All the time. And now, every day, like every
Lauren Kelly: Week. That's from him this morning like none of my other friends some text me three times this morning already. You know what I mean. And so
Lauren Kelly: To me, and I actually said that to him. I said, because yesterday when we had her talk. He said up. So he came up with more questions for me. So one of the questions was, he said.
Lauren Kelly: So like when I would say, like, one thing you didn't like and then you wouldn't talk to me for like two weeks. That was because of your addiction. Right. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Actually, no, no. That actually wasn't because of my district. That's because you would do something super out of line and like
Lauren Kelly: Like, and it was funny because pretty much like feeling behavior anyone's mentioned to me like Paul OR ANYONE ELSE I CAN PLAY MY not blame that like
Lauren Kelly: If I can directly tie into my addiction. But what he was talking about was, was no and I said, to be honest, because those were times that I feel suffocated by you, where you just did that with you. It's always been next level like there was. So for instance, the time I mentioned him was
Lauren Kelly: It was like a memorial day it was one of those holidays that's on a Monday. And so, Nico lives at home with his to
Lauren Kelly: Filipino super controlling parents and he hates me in there. However, he works like a part time job and
Lauren Kelly: Just live. He's like 30 and it does nothing to get out there, but wants to complain about it all day so it gets kind of old to me like
Lauren Kelly: If you hate living at your you're controlling parents house or a 30 year old man, get a better job and get out. You know what I mean. But like five years thinking about the same thing. It's false flags.
Lauren Kelly: But this one day he had told me both his parents were going to be home he really wanted to hang out that day, and this is back when I have like a nice apartment on my own.
Lauren Kelly: And he was like, you know, can we hang out that day. And this is just a kind of loose plans made on like a Friday or something. I'm like, yeah, so that Sunday night. I ended up
Lauren Kelly: Really stick out like 2am and and I think this is due to like all the north, because I would take it. Sometimes I would just start growing up out of nowhere and I'm sure that was probably tied into all those I'm thinking
Lauren Kelly: But I, too, am I started puking my guts out puking my guts out all night to me like 10am I'm just few good I'm literally like on the floor.
Lauren Kelly: And I remember hearing my phone go off a couple of times when I'm on the floor. I like
Lauren Kelly: You know, that was not my priority well at like 1011 in the morning, bang, bang, bang, at my door, and I'm crawl to the door and answer it. And I'm literally holding a few bugs on the floor, and he's like,
Lauren Kelly: Why didn't you answer like I'm here we had planned, blah, blah, blah. And I look at them holding like my puke bucket and I'm pale and I'm like, you know, haven't showered into it and like
Lauren Kelly: Nico. What, what do you want me to do here. You know, you want me to just, like, get ready and go out and do something with you all a beautiful. It's not like
Lauren Kelly: Like I'm sorry that should happen like that, like, and he just kept saying, we had plans. We have the end. I'm like, I'm so sorry. This got in your way, you know, but again, like none of my girlfriends would act that way they like, Oh, you're saying
Lauren Kelly: Like it was disorienting. So I'm like, No, Nico that me and I've been talking for like two weeks after that because it was like dude, you need to step back. That was too much.
Lauren Kelly: And it's like he's, he wants to blame everything on my addiction out. I'm like, no, that actually had nothing to do with my addiction. That was me trying to like create some boundaries between us, because
Lauren Kelly: It with you. It's always been next level, it's just, it's not the way any of my other friendships that that's the only way I can really put it, and I'm with you guys so
Lauren Kelly: We were going to talk like earlier Friday morning last week and I texted to see if he was around Friday morning and he said, he said.
Lauren Kelly: He was going to be around like part of the day or something. And I was like, cool, because I'm open Friday morning, like all Friday morning I'm nothing going on will Wednesday and the whole thing happened with the car. So then
Lauren Kelly: Thursday I had to like Uber to like my that cancer appointment I had, I like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Lauren Kelly: Great because it was that Planned Parenthood, so like the Uber drivers like so don't be a planned parenthood plan parent. I'm like, Don't worry, you're not dropping me off for an abortion. It's cool.
Lauren Kelly: It's just really embarrassing to go for their employment. That's all that matters. Um,
Lauren Kelly: But so then Friday I needed to get groceries and stuff for the weekend because I was going to be stuck in my friend's house all weekend so I had to ask a friend.
Lauren Kelly: Who had a car to like drive me to the grocery store and help me. I think I need a
Lauren Kelly: Prescription or something. So my Friday morning ended up you know having to do that. So when when you text me like, hey, so are you still available this morning and I'm like, Oh, I'm so sorry. Like you know my car.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't say my car broke. I said, I'm, I'm busy to like two or three now. And his response was, like, so what happened to you see. And if I was around and
Lauren Kelly: And you said you have the whole morning free Lord what happened at that and did. And I'm like, whoa, whoa, my car broke down. What happened, and I'm so stoked that it's like everything is like this, like,
Lauren Kelly: Demand and this like accountability, he wants to. And I'm okay with being like accountable. But like
Lauren Kelly: You're my friend. It's like killing us wanted on like a boyfriend level or something. And it's like, dude, and
Lauren Kelly: And so now it's like the thing where he wanted to hang out in my garage all day and like it was irritated that I'm like, No, we cannot. Coffee and talk to the cart like
Lauren Kelly: I don't mean if I had a nice like IF I HAD THE APARTMENT, AND LIKE LIVING ROOM, I WOULDN'T MIND hanging out with him in the living room and talking about right now I have a dirty broads with a bed in it. It's not really
Lauren Kelly: Me to bring people. You know what I mean. And he was irritated by that, you know, and it's like, I don't know. So I was really interested like ask you like
Lauren Kelly: How to handle this, because I think is we're now going to because I want to be respectful of his feelings. I want to validate his feelings.
Lauren Kelly: That I feel like he wants to blame. Every, everything on my addiction things out.
Lauren Kelly: Or not due to my addiction and and he's almost now using it as like
Lauren Kelly: A power thing like like a now enter like if I don't respond to his tax like he's going to think that I don't know, and, and I'm just like, dude, like I want to be a good friend. I want to be reliable. I want to build those things.
Lauren Kelly: But like the other two friends that I came clean about this with they aren't blowing me up the way he is they are. What about this and you did this. And did they aren't doing that, you know, so I can't. This is like a more emotions involved in. I don't know. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I was
Lauren Kelly: Like what you thought of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, Well, it sounds like that you set boundaries with him and regardless to the fact of whether or not you were under the influence or not you were setting boundaries with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like he wants more. Yeah. And it sounds like. Now he feels he has an excuse on why you were setting those boundaries with him.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
Lauren Kelly: You know, he's like, oh, now we can work on it almost felt like that was like the
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, be like, and so now he's blowing me up now he wants me out all the time. And it's like, no, no, like, this is always going to be a friendship or not, like,
Lauren Kelly: It's not like oh Lauren's stop doing drugs. She's a better person. Now, now, she'd be a great girlfriend or something like no, no, no, that's not what we're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know you might, it might have to come to that.
Lauren Kelly: Without breaking device straight up say that to him. It's going to like it, like it. That's going to like as I don't know how to quite say that so my fear is that there is no friendship that exists with Nico without it being like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta ask him, you got to say, you know, what do you, you know, what is it that you, what are your expectations out of our friendship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I love you as a friend, you're in the friend zone. You're not ever. You know, that's just where we're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what are your expectations you know yeah I did some things that I'm not proud of. I'm working on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, I'm trying to get better. I'm trying to live my life and I need to focus a little bit on me.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, like that's what I feel like you know you're a part of my recovery and all that, but you're not all of it. It's like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I don't think he wants to be all of it and it's like you're not friends and people. You guys are all parts of it, but like it has just the sun has to rise and set on me rate with, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not trying to be selfish or anything about that. But like
Lauren Kelly: If I make my recovery all about one person or one thing, then what happens if that one person or one thing is around, you know, like if it was all about all and then when he left. I would just, you would never see me. I was just
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean. So it has to be there's there's a weird part of like recovery. I'm learning that you have to be a little bit selfish, you know,
Lauren Kelly: In and I haven't been that I've had a really hard time with that but
Lauren Kelly: It's such because I really just want to be this open book, and I'm gonna be like, whatever you need. I'll be honest with you all this all that
Lauren Kelly: But whenever he needs is like he wants to hang out with the old in a garage with no TV and it was literally I mean we have stuff to talk about. We don't, we don't want that to talk about. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's okay. Lord, it's okay that you say nope, sorry, I've got, you know, other things that I need to handle today. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Just ended up doing this tonight, and I said, You know, I need to go pick up my my doctor just pulling my sponsorships. I need to go pick up that they just got my car back has a bunch of errands. I need right you know and and he was a cool. What about DINNER LATER AND
Lauren Kelly: You know I'm going to be back at the house. I'll probably be tired, you know, it's put it in again he's already texted me this morning. I haven't gone back to
Lauren Kelly: The first one, those without like five and then it's like, again, you know, like nobody else has texted me that way. I can't help but think it's because of something more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and yeah.
Lauren Kelly: We can't blame that on my addiction. We're not going to
Lauren Kelly: blame that on my addiction. I'm happy to take responsibility for everything looks like like it. For instance, he mentioned the time yesterday. He said, so this one time.
Lauren Kelly: Was a Sunday, and you were bugging me all day for help with money and I
Lauren Kelly: Think he was busy or working or something will be filing that up at 10 o'clock, and we were supposed to hang out. That night, but by the time we met up I basically just got the money and like went you know like I went on.
Lauren Kelly: My way. I think I promise to me to hang up the next day and I did and I said 100% that is Lauren addiction, for sure. I was like, everything about that says
Lauren Kelly: Like Berlin, I would only dose once a day, I would take like 30 at a time, but I would do that in one city that was like my one goes for the day I
Lauren Kelly: didn't draw. So, usually on the usual day I would have my dose definitely before noon. So I said,
Lauren Kelly: If I didn't meet up with you till 10 o'clock on Sunday. That means I hadn't taken you think it's probably like 10:11am Saturday.
Lauren Kelly: I would have been tripping. At that point, you know what I mean, I would have been with rolling. I would have been in panic mode.
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, by the time it's 10 o'clock and I finally get that cash my him for sure. I was running straight to the drug, man. And I'm like, I probably didn't even wait I got home, I probably about a soda Cassie didn't just pop them on my drive because I was like
Lauren Kelly: Like that 100% sounds like you know and and he was asking more specifics about the exact things like there was a day in November, like large enough, but
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, you know, I can't tell you that. Like, oh yes, that was that day. But I said that you explained it that way 100% that porn addiction 100% everything about that sounds just like me.
Lauren Kelly: However, the thing where you should have been Memorial Day and demanded we hang out a fill out because we have plans. Well, I'm
Lauren Kelly: Looking for the ninth hour and wrote like know that did not have to do my addiction that had to do with you being like
Lauren Kelly: Overboard and like you're not understanding that, like, I'm sorry. You're disappointed, but like, life happens and you have to be okay with
Lauren Kelly: That and he's never been okay with like life happening type stuff. And my fear is that he thinks now.
Lauren Kelly: That I'm saying, you know, I want to be so accountable and stuff that now he's going to demand this extra level of accountability. I don't mean that. I just think it's like again next level and not really necessary here, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's really not his business unless you ask him for that accountability.
Lauren Kelly: What do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mean, that's a piece of it too. It's not his business to hold you accountable for anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, Lauren, if you went to him and said,
Lauren Kelly: I said he could ask me, you know, like, isn't that kind of opening and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Asking you questions versus expectations on his part of what the you know what's going to happen next are two separate things. You know what you've done is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you've said, Listen, I'm willing to communicate with you. But here's another piece of it. If you've owned it all already to him. There's no reason to keep hashing it up. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It happened.
Lauren Kelly: I think he wants to go over every specific incident. I think he's going to come to me with dates and like, oh well on this date in 1994 like you know it is like
Lauren Kelly: It's like, and again, this was the response I got from anyone else. I kind of got the. Oh. Well, that makes sense because of this or that, but not like. So this time, and that time and
Lauren Kelly: The weird thing is I thought the second conversation was going to be. I thought maybe the first conversation was such a shock or something. And that's why he was just kind of clammed up or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: The first time or two and a half hours long. But the second conversation which was like two days later, people had time to think on down whatever
Lauren Kelly: I really thought at least by the second conversation, the end of it. There was at least a little bit of a different vibe of like
Lauren Kelly: You know, maybe more, because I like when when Paul and I have those kind of conversations we honestly end up laughing about them like about this crazy lives. I told and stuff like will sit there and laugh about it because we
Lauren Kelly: We almost have left without to because we know it's true, you know. And I mean, and it's the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Lauren Kelly: But at the end of the day, we're both like probably after me talk about the lives and put them. We both have a smile on our face and feel better because of it with Nico. It almost feels like the more truth I get angry he gets. And that's what I'm not understanding
Lauren Kelly: It's like, am I tuned it wrong. But again, I'm like dude, whatever you want to ask. I want to be accountable i but i don't i don't i'm not going to be able to give it to him on his level. And I don't know how to like do that without like
Lauren Kelly: It, making them feel like his feelings are valid because you might be like, dude, if you really are trying to make things right. Like, you know, given friend and his version of me being a good friend is me being like a romantic love, and I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to be clear with your boundaries and just tell them you know right now. You know, I have 50 days of sobriety under my belt and I'm really working hard at changing things for myself, have I been a crappy friend in the past under my addiction. I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do I know specific dates and times and events. I don't. Yeah, um, you know, right now I really need to put my recovery first and I appreciate you being there for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, I've really got to focus on, you know, going to my meetings and and getting my medical handled and getting this stuff done. And you and I, we can chat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we can chat. Yeah, but you know because it just sounds like he's just trying to bulldoze over now. He's got a reason to open that door and he's not understanding and seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That the boundaries. You set were boundaries period, there's, you know, he's in the friend zone. There's changing that. Yeah. And so, you know, you can tell them, look, I love you as a friend, you are my friend, you will always be my friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in my heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He added to
Lauren Kelly: The whole, what are you question I meet you say that word, a million times. You know, I said. I said clearly one of the friendships that matter the most to me that everyone I want to leave in 2009
Lauren Kelly: You are one of the few friends that I wanted to bring it you know into the new year and that I wanted to show who Lauren Kelly really is to, you know, anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In here.
Lauren Kelly: I don't care about showing that time I wanted to show you that good reliable friend. I wanted to
Lauren Kelly: You know, be able to show you. And I kind of explained to him, like what a living amends is and not like I'm not just here to say I'm sorry, and let's leave it all, rather than forget it. I'm here to, like, is that better person on a daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Lauren Kelly: And actually walk the walk, you know, and, and, and I'm nowhere near perfect so stumbling every day, you know, at certain things that I'm working on, but I know that every day on a little bit better. I do.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, and, and again, I'm saying things like that. And it's just angry face. And so this and this and this. And I'm like, the more on. That's what I just don't get as the more honest I am in the more open, I've been using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And well, and here's
Lauren Kelly: And I'm so scared. Everyone else is going to be like that. But I'm thinking they're not going to view is, that's just the weird
Lauren Kelly: Safe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you don't read one thing that I want you to understand about making amends. It's about making amends will wear it will do no harm to self or others. That's number one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So later on when you get through the step work you'll you know you'll learn that part. Yeah. Is it in this relationships best interest to be 100 100% honest, you know, you get to hash that out and figure that piece out
Lauren Kelly: I have a great
Lauren Kelly: Question really quick. This is something I've been kind of going back for since I got clean
Lauren Kelly: So I think I told you I was raised in this crazy strict Mormon household. My mom and I hated each other. I was always really close to my dad, my mom and I fucking hated each other and
Lauren Kelly: I mean she turned me. She dumped me to my room. And when I was in high school. She turned me into the cops and became best friends with my public my
Lauren Kelly: Probation Officer and they still go to lunch together. To this day, I mean like they need the like my mom just hates me when I moved out on my 18th birthday as a senior I graduated high school early
Lauren Kelly: Moved out of my 18th birthday, she told me I would fail miserably. I'd be back in a month, like she she just two routes for my failures like that's how it is this fear.
Lauren Kelly: Because in her mind for me to not be Mormon and somehow be successful. Like I just I just have to have a miserable life and anything she can do to like help that happen just from my is her way of saying, See that the miserable life, you get for not
Lauren Kelly: She just can't.
Lauren Kelly: Like, like when I graduated from college, I sent them. My mom and dad and invitation day did not show up my college graduation, because I had paid for it. They couldn't say we helped her get through college. And I went to Chico State, which is known as like a party school and not yet.
Lauren Kelly: Paid or BYU or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So they couldn't enjoy this huge thing I did all on my own, because they couldn't save. We did this. You know what I mean, like, that's, that's just how they are so
Lauren Kelly: I've gone back and forth and do I tell my mom this or not. Because again, like Mormons don't. It's like they have a real world understanding of addiction or anything to
Lauren Kelly: Them. Like when my month on weed in my room in high school, she took me to a rehab place.
Lauren Kelly: Because she thought I was a junkie and the place laughed at her. I told her like she wanted to check me into like a rehab facility for like heroin addicts. When she found like a joint in my room.
Lauren Kelly: And the police literally like laughter out of there and send your 17 year old daughter is it doing anything different.
Lauren Kelly: Every other 17 year old it right now. You know, like you do not have an added that to her. I'm like hitting my vein and shooting up at a crack out, you know, so she doesn't know the difference between like
Lauren Kelly: Eat or heroin or like, you know, they were like real addiction in her mind if I were to come out to her with this. I feel
Lauren Kelly: Like I would be just the drug addict in the family forever. Like I could be playing for 20 years and I would still be drugged out of four and they probably wouldn't trust me around my nieces and stuff. And like
Lauren Kelly: The kids because who knows what drug categories going to do you know like and so I've gone back and forth with like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I know I'm supposed to tell the people close to me especially family members and people like that, but like I just feel like I could have 2030 years of clean time under my belt and I'm still going to be the
Lauren Kelly: Drug addicts in the family and she'll tell everyone and it'll be detrimental to all of these relationships and my cousins and everyone you know and and
Lauren Kelly: I really have struggled with that being said, I would I keep coming to as I don't think telling her is the right decision. But I also
Lauren Kelly: Don't think I but then I feel like at my now cherry picking who I want to tell because that's not part of the program. The program is about like being honest, even when you know it's not fun to be and
Lauren Kelly: And is that me just going back to, you know,
Lauren Kelly: What we said about I can't not be honest with people because I'm scared of the outcome is kind of building, maybe I'm going back to that. I don't want to tell her I'm scared of the outcome. And that's what I'm trying not to do. I'm trying to be honest.
Lauren Kelly: At all times, but I just, I don't know, being the drug addict in the feeling for the rest of my life is is the crime, I should like what I should pay for that, but maybe it is
Lauren Kelly: Maybe that's not my deciding, all I can do is be honest and see what she does with that that in my mind I keep thinking it's not as tell her that I'd be better off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, don't forget
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't forget the, the statement making amends unless it will do harm to self and others. So there's also a piece where being honest, doesn't mean that you have to, to give up every little gritty detail of of your addictive life while you're under the influence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For most people, it is just, if there's a piece of it is also a living amends as well. So there's kind of two facets. So the first one you know when you go to somebody and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You say look at, you know, I need to apologize for, you know, my behavior in the past. I wasn't, you know, that great of a friend and I'm really trying to work on being better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. They don't need to know, specific details. You know what I mean. And once you do your set for you'll be able to see what it is that you really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know need to work on and isn't really in your best interest in your mom's best interest to give her the full truth. Your mom has a judgmental stance already, you know, due to her due to her, you know, religion,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to take that into account to. And so really in some of these points, it's just going to be about making that living amends and not repeating the behavior is a living amends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's walking the walk, it's talking the talk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there is that piece about over sharing that can do more damage than good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so that's
Lauren Kelly: To me feel good and maybe it's the wrong approach. But it may be just as I did, it was Paul of like
Lauren Kelly: Asked me anything. I will tell you the lies. You know what I mean, like, like I just came into that conversation with the defendant more attitude and if you asked me, I'm going to 100% own and I'm going to be 100% real about it and that felt really good. So I
Lauren Kelly: To me, it almost felt like I owe that to people like to offer that same like open but but but my relationships with calling me for very dip vastly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very different.
Lauren Kelly: In what I mean like called still is the person I want to spend the rest of my life within an ego is a friend, I would like to have. I mean, they're the levels of accountability that I have to one versus the other very different, you know, the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On that
Lauren Kelly: But I guess I just not, you know, maybe I ought to be able to say, you know, I, if you have any questions if there is a
Lauren Kelly: Yummy. Maybe it's maybe it's too much because yeah he's coming at me with a specific day and I'm like, I need, and he kept saying he kept going over this one day and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Nico. You can see the date as much as you want it or whatever. I don't remember that for some time to guess that sounds like typical Lauren, you know, predictable at my attic behavior for sure. Um,
Lauren Kelly: But I feel like, you know, again, he was saying out today. It's not going to go from those two
Lauren Kelly: really shitty time so like fun. Now I'm sure he has more specific questions for me. I'm sure you know, but I think you're right. I wrote down
Lauren Kelly: When you said, what are your expectations of our friendship like that's basically it. You know where I that's where I need to start. You know what I mean and and
Lauren Kelly: If there is anything in there. Outside of, you know, just to be a good friend and support you through this, or whatever, you know, what do you mean, then I'm gonna have to
Lauren Kelly: I'm enough to say like, you know, if you want more than I can give you like. I'm like, and again, I also balancing stuff like this because I feel like I don't have the right to say this, but
Lauren Kelly: It sounds like I'm dealing with enough right now in early recovery. Like, I can't deal with, like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: You being upset with me, too, because you're not getting what you want. Like, if that's the case, we should just take a step back from our friendship like for now. I'm not saying forever, but like until I get more time under my belt and whatever.
Lauren Kelly: That's just not an element I can really add to my my pie right now. You know what I mean, like it's it, but I feel like I don't want the right to say like, Oh, I can't deal with this right now, or whatever. Sometimes they
Lauren Kelly: Look like who am I to set boundaries with people that I had like no value. You know, I didn't let them set boundaries with me when I was an addict. I did whatever I want it, you know. So now I'd be like,
Yeah, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. And here's the thing, again, it's about owning your behavior defending it no more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just telling him, you know, whatever it is that you want to hash. I'll be more than happy to answer questions, you know that i i know the answers to. But, you know, the way that work we're doing this right now isn't really working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I can't remember it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just, you know, being clear and saying, you know, I recognize that I wasn't the best friend in the past and I'm working on that today. And that's really the only statement that that needs to be said, you know, and then walking the walk, you know, being true to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because right now, you know, that's all you have to give. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. So yeah, I totally get that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what, remember that being in recovery is working on yourself first. It's an inside job. And yes, it feels selfish, but it becomes the most selfless thing that you can do because all of your, your relationships will get better. All the good ones will get better.
Lauren Kelly: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They'll forgive you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they'll see you doing the deal. It just takes time. Yeah, but you know this guy. He needs to back up a little bit. He's like in your face and in your space and, you know, and he doesn't have that right to do that.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, it just feels it, it almost is a lot of it will remind me of like conversations all and I have had that like again like
Lauren Kelly: I'm okay with having a much higher level of, you know, like we were talking about that. The other day about like how
Lauren Kelly: You know the level between like two people that are like in love when it's in their lives. That's like the highest level of intimacy there is like, emotionally, you know, not just physically but emotionally and everything so like
Lauren Kelly: I get that, like, you know, I need to be 100,000% was all about everything. And if he wants to go over specific time specific dates. Like, I will do that.
Lauren Kelly: You know, obviously, I wouldn't ever let me go go through my phone or whatever, you know, like I get that, you know, there's a different level with
Lauren Kelly: The other relationship but i just i thought it had worked well proponent to do that approach like ask me anything in
Lauren Kelly: Either bit it. I mean, I'm now I'm like now for about five hours into this thing and it's just not like angrier and angrier and so I'm like, am I coming about this approach wrong or is this just like his feelings been way too wrapped up into it or something, you know, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like he wanted more.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but I'm thinking I just start the next conversation with you know like what are your expectations of our friendship, because you know it's noon, and I've heard from you, six times already, you know, don't even hear from Paul that much, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Kind of weird, um, not. I mean, I'm not gonna call weird, but, you know, it just seems like there are different expectations than than mine. And definitely, then what I can, or am willing to give you know and then those are
Lauren Kelly: The answers that they give us. It's not like, Oh, I'm not supposed to date for like my first six months or a year or whatever I need to tell him like
Lauren Kelly: It's not that it's never going to be, you know what I mean, like, it's not. I don't want you to hold out. Oh, once you six months to rebel, we can date because then the program. So she's like
Lauren Kelly: No. And that's something I have a hard time with is telling him I it's never going to happen. Dude, because I think
Lauren Kelly: There's always this chance so she has almost like her friends and he's in my life. And now that I'm saying
Lauren Kelly: You can hold me to this higher level of accountability. Now it's almost like okay well let me see like that wanting to hang out in the garage. He is like he's just trying to like get whatever you want. I don't know. It just
Lauren Kelly: And that's kind of make me have a
Lauren Kelly: Bad taste in my mouth that he's not like caring about my growth. It almost seems more like how can I use this
Lauren Kelly: This kind of the Bible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, and you're probably right to, you know, listen to what your intuition tells you, but also remember that in your addiction, the people that you borrowed money from other people that a guys like that that are that you know helped
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't tell me. First off, that they didn't know that there was something weird about it. Number one,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But having expectations on you if I get over this. And one day, we're going to be together one day, you know, duh, duh, duh, duh. And so being just clear with that and saying I love you as a friend, but there will never be anything more for me and you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am trying to get my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life together.
Lauren Kelly: Like I'm scared he gets really angry so angry just talking about. Yeah, I didn't use that hundred bucks. And I say groceries for her pills. How's it going to react when I tell them it's never going to happen. They
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say me just say, Look, I understand. Here I've said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe we can come back and talk about it again when you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'll talk to you later. Yeah. You know what I mean. But you don't deserve to be browbeaten you don't deserve to be in this power and control struggle with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He is your friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he needs to step in that role and if
Lauren Kelly: You froze up
Lauren Kelly: Rebecca you froze up
Lauren Kelly: Are you there.
Lauren Kelly: Are you there. You're frozen on my end.
Lauren Kelly: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gosh, this thing. Okay, so I think I'm
Lauren Kelly: Still on the way you just said like, I didn't get any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we make amends. Um, it doesn't mean that the other person is allowed to beat us up with it. It doesn't mean that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be punished. It means that we recognize that we needed to change some behaviors. And that's what we're working on period, nothing more. And you did it too soon. You got to get through the rest of the stuff. There's no cuts.
Lauren Kelly: I realized that I realized that, but lately.
Lauren Kelly: Though
Lauren Kelly: Is I heard somebody say to me one time that
Lauren Kelly: They've heard that you're supposed to do like a step a month or something like that. Some people go under that and
Lauren Kelly: So just if that was the way that I was going, it's not. I'm a little behind from that but I'm
Lauren Kelly: In that would put me on doing the men's in the eighth and ninth month so like, okay, so I got I'm in this weird position where
Lauren Kelly: I'm now you know obviously I'm not was all right now we're, you know, trying to work on stuff, but I don't have like you know that relationship, the way
Lauren Kelly: You know, I wanted to me i I've gotten rid of all this shooting drug friends that were my, you know,
Lauren Kelly: People for the last couple years that he tricked myself into thinking cared about me but really are just mad that I am not buying drugs from them anymore or whatever and
Lauren Kelly: So now, does that mean I wait eight months and having no friends. You know what I mean, like, it's like I know like like one of the cures to addiction like The Matrix addictions like human connection right so like
Lauren Kelly: The I need to be connected to things I need to have relationships but so I've now gotten rid of the shitty friends or do I just sit in this spot of having no friends. It's like, it's like eight or nine and I work on these amends. And then I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hopefully that while you're going to meetings, you're developing relationships with people in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People that have time people that have done done a step or not brand new people that their life is still chaos and, you know, they run a risk of, you know, you're relaxing with them are pulling you down, you know, but people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are searching like
Lauren Kelly: That want to hang out and stuff. And I'm like, I can already tell that it's like, I don't want to be judgmental about like
Lauren Kelly: I've seen people who like you can tell our high end a meeting and then we're like, Hey, what are you doing after this. And I'm like, No, you know what it means, like, oh yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's like that anywhere you go. You've got to read it out. You got to pay attention to how they act, what they say is there like chaos. How long do they have silver, you know, and really be selective about who you're building your sober support system around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, the night when people
Lauren Kelly: Act as we know drug addicts and we see
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean like I you can't get it passed me. You know what I mean, like, I know all your site, you know, so like
Lauren Kelly: You're not going to trick me. I'm going to see through it. You know, so
Lauren Kelly: Like there was a girl. One time, who was super high to me and she literally tried to fight someone in the middle of meeting it was crazy. She got up. It's called
Lauren Kelly: Pitch and all this stuff and everyone in the room was like she was fucking high on math like everyone knew a, you know, and I was like I wasn't gonna say anything that everyone in the room knew, you know, so it's at least the good parts we have really good street, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Oh you froze up again.
Lauren Kelly: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my zoom again is giving me a hard time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so that's what you want to kind of look for in a meeting with people you get their phone numbers you pick up the phone, you call them, you find a sponsor. And there somebody that has time in recovery and that has actually worked the steps. You don't want somebody that's brand new. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's where you're building your silver support because when you get a sponsor you not only get one sponsor, but you get a grand sponsor and another grand sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On top of all the other sponsors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We almost like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Building this whole little mini family in sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's how we build our server support. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to do it with people that on the same time.
Lauren Kelly: So rely on that those friendships more my early days worry about repairing the other relationships. A little later on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little later on. That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you've gotten in when you've done all the work you've gotten to that step and you're, you know, whoever you choose as a sponsor will tell you the same thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't want to do it too soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There was one other thing I was going to tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't skip steps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With a sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't even remember my mind is
Lauren Kelly: I have something for you.
Lauren Kelly: I want to ask you for help with something that I've noticed happening. And this has happened to me twice in the last week where
Lauren Kelly: I've just gotten really overwhelmed by my feelings like all at once, where something's happened that just skyrockets my anxiety and they get really overwhelmed and I have and I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: If this comes from like my abusive childhood or if this comes from my relationships with men, but I have a really strong flight instinct where like the second I
Lauren Kelly: get overwhelmed or like like even like I use I've gotten better about this, but like when I used to hear man raise his voice. I would like run because in my head. I couldn't help it, but
Lauren Kelly: Like yelling comes first hitting comes next. Like, I know it's coming.
Lauren Kelly: To be just a situation where a man's like upset at work or something like that guy's not going to hate me and common sense would tell me this guy's not going to hear me, but
Lauren Kelly: I freaked out inside and I've gotten better about that one, but like when I get overwhelmed. I just want to get as far away from something as as I can, which isn't the way you know
Lauren Kelly: Sometimes you need to sit down as an adult to talk things out. You don't just run, you know. So there's been two times this week where I basically and they were things I was able to call down explained this to later but they were both teams with Paul where
Lauren Kelly: I just got really overwhelmed. I had so many feelings and thoughts at once because, again, I'm still like learning how the super brain works because those numbers before
Lauren Kelly: Right all just hits me at once like anger, anxiety, fear, all these things all at once. And I don't even know how to sort through the only thing that goes in my head is get the fuck out of here as fast as you can.
Lauren Kelly: And he's like, being super reasonable like Hey, hold on, let's talk about this. Like, I went in and I just hit the bucket. And I just like
Lauren Kelly: Run it and like, I don't know, a half hour and an hour later, I'm like, wait a minute, like I can kind of see his way and he was totally trying to like talk only about that. And I just made this way worse than it had to be in
Lauren Kelly: And I was like, you know, it made us way more dramatic, but in no it wasn't a thought of, like, oh, let me make this drama right now. It just, it's this instant I get to just run and I get overwhelmed so easily. And I'm just wondering, like,
Lauren Kelly: Because I really don't like that I'm doing is I'm making like a bad situation worse when I could, like, sit down and defuse it in two minutes. And now I dragged it ends up being
Lauren Kelly: This big things, I believe, and then I won't answer his phone calls, I will talk to him for hours and he's wondering what the hell's going on, which then gets him all those things at the end.
Lauren Kelly: And only when I'm finally calmed down and like I need to be able to do that more in the moment you know like like born children look out, calm down and and it's happened twice in the last week and I'm just
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I just, I kind of attributed to learning how they knew. So our brain works, but
Lauren Kelly: Yes. Really easily overwhelmed and like, and the nobles and tears are coming and I'm in the middle of Starbucks and I'm crying. And I'm like, What the hell is not. I've never been the triangle. Most of the role of crying No Starbucks in the afternoon. Like it just
Lauren Kelly: So I, I don't know what to do about that and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, okay. So what I suggest is that when you feel it's flight or fight, you know, really, it's a survival mode. So, you know, throughout your life you know you've had this it's it's developed strongly in a price started you know when you were a kid, it's easier to run away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you start feeling all those emotions come up in that moment, you need to start. Tell him stop. I need to take some time I you know my anxiety is raising I want to have this conversation with you. Can we set it for later on today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I need to walk through this first. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But give him the information on what's going on so that you know he doesn't think you're just running but you know that you're you plan on coming back and having this conversation at a later time when your emotions are more stable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And also let them know that the first year of recovery. You know, it's easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For little things to build up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To feel huge
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So, your brain is still it's still hasn't found its normal yet your emotions haven't found their normal yet. So, you know, you've got to remember that when you start feeling those things take time to breed and just be open with him, tell him you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is what's happening. This is what I need to do for a little bit. I'll be back and we'll talk about it at a different time, you know, whether it be an hour, two hours, whether it be, you know, later on that evening set a time that you'll come back with him and discuss the situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Right now.
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry, you just saving so well that I'm like oh my gosh active right that exactly how she said, I'm
Lauren Kelly: Sorry, I just thought, okay, sorry.
I just like taking. That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Lauren Kelly: Really helpful, that's just, that's when the new thing, but I'm just getting
Lauren Kelly: Overwhelmed really easily and I just don't. It's just too much at once. And I'm like, I don't remember feeling this way before. But I think I was just so numb that like
Lauren Kelly: I just wasn't feeling all these things at once, and now it's like I literally can't sort which feeling to deal with is the thing I do. First, the fear I deal with this and that, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: It just, I get like so caught up in them and and I love science. I have all this energy. Now like I need like
Lauren Kelly: Two in the morning. I'll just have all this energy and like I've never had such energy my life and like I literally don't know what to do with it.
Lauren Kelly: I like bursting with energy all the time and not in a fun way. Like, it's like
Lauren Kelly: Like it's like a stir crazy like especially this last weekend when I didn't have my car, I just want to like get out and do stuff.
Lauren Kelly: For the neighborhood. I'm in is actually like a really bad neighborhood. So I can like walk the dogs or anything where
Lauren Kelly: The neighborhood that causes like this really nice favorite so I could just walk the dogs in the middle of the night, whatever. Now I'm just like, Stop that. Yeah. And it just i don't know i. So, is there anything I can do from singing energy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, walking go into the gym.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really just writing a lot, getting it out of the out of your head. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, go into meetings hanging out with people that are sober building that sober support there plenty of things you can do. You know what I mean. But you've also got to have be able to have that peace, where you can calm yourself down. Up here.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that's, that's definitely something I'm having trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. And a lot of people do, because you think that, you know, however long that you're using opiates, your emotions were kind of like a little flatlined so now they're everywhere, right, which is normal.
Lauren Kelly: Also sounds robotic before you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably, weren't you probably never
Lauren Kelly: Thought I was slick. I thought I was pulling the whole thing off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that I think most people think that they're getting away with it. I swear, I think, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really focus in you know journal. When you feel an excessive amount, hopefully you'll be able to walk or take your dogs for a walk or go to the gym.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. But just continue doing those healthy things that you're doing and it will level out, it'll take time though. Okay, and you recognize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it's going to take time you're in this whole process of healing. You know what I mean. And it makes sense that this is spinning. These are spinning. You know, you just got to give yourself time to breathe, you know,
Lauren Kelly: There was one good thing that happened last week and it's not like 100% for sure. Yeah, I had that cancer appointment that was asked up and everything and
Lauren Kelly: They said that when they wouldn't do anything abnormal needed, like a little extra testing, just to, like, make sure sure let and that'll come back in like a week and a half, but
Lauren Kelly: The doctor that was doing it was like, if
Lauren Kelly: You look beautiful here like that. I don't see anything. I'm doing this extra step. Just because you have had like a past with it, but from like what I see, like, I don't see anything here. So I'll get like the pressure on that. But it seems like really positive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that was good. Yeah. Very good.
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I'll find out for sure in in like a week or so, but I have my big huge oral surgery on Thursday morning that I'm super nervous about. Wish me luck for that.
Lauren Kelly: That's going to be crazy. It's a huge step in the right direction is something I wanted to do for years and just dock dock dock and finally doing it now.
Lauren Kelly: But it's gonna be painful as all hell and you're sweating like I don't even know how I'm going to look at group I'm probably going to look like freak. So just worrying you, and but as long as I can talk, I'll be okay. So I'll figure it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you could listen, you'll be okay.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I gotta get off here.
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry, just really quick on yesterday when Dr. NASA was talking about how like you would share my Lexapro was working
Lauren Kelly: In my head I was thinking like, or I'm doing the work, and then use them in your life or you're working and I was like, thank you, like I am doing the work. So that meant a lot to me that
Lauren Kelly: She knows I'm doing the work. She knows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's true. And it really, really is, you know, medication can help to a certain degree. But if you're not putting that work in into it too. It's only going to work as well as it can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just like you're doing
Lauren Kelly: Just like in the drugs out of my system doesn't fix everything else that's just like a very small piece of it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Lauren Kelly: Your time. I really appreciate it. It was really nice talking to you. And next time you see me, I will have way better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, Lauren, you're beautiful, don't think anything else. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Please. Okay, so I will see you next week. Keep doing this, reach out, build a sober support system and set those boundaries with your friend.
Lauren Kelly: And well, I will definitely and for all your help working through that stuff really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you have the right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just know that
Lauren Kelly: I'm a really great week. Thank you for everything.
Lauren Kelly: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Appreciate it. I will talk to you later.
Lauren Kelly: You definitely well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi. Hi, Lauren.